Hi, everyone, in this lecture, we are going to insert a word dynamically created element into our
Web page, our writing, right, so we know where do we want to insert and write?
So it is going to be before.
And so why don't we go ahead and and store this value inside a variable called position.
Right.
So const position is going to be equal to before.
And so for this method to work, we're going to call the parent, which is the to do list.
OK, so where does it where is it coming from.
This is the to do list, which has an idea of list which we have selected.
Right from here.
Right, so.
To do list that, insert adjacent HTML, so in here we're going to add two things now it says that insert
adjacent e-mail.
The first argument that we are going to insert is where, like it says insert position, where is the
position?
And the second thing is the estimate strength.
So let's go ahead and let's add the position.
So the position is equal to position itself because we have created a constant with the name of position
or you know what?
I'm just going to go diversify.
I'm going to say to do.
I am position, right?
I'm just going to call it so it is not confusing, it is to do item position.
It says first off at the position for that item.
So I'm going to say to do item position and second thing, what is it that you want to add?
It is an item that we have created right here, so I'm just going to grab it now.
This dynamically created element is stored inside the variable called item, and we have access items
so we can use its value.
All right, let's save it.
So for now, we are not going to be able to see anything.
All right.
So we are not going to see anything.
The reason for that is we have not created any event listener so far.
So before even going ahead and creating event listeners, I want to show you something.
I want to I want to show you how how this is going to react.
All right.
So we are going to grab our function and we are going to call it with four arguments.
But before calling it with those arguments, this parameter of trash has not yet been specified.
So what we are going to do is we are going to add a condition to that.
So F item is inside the trash.
If item is inside the trash, what do we want to do?
We don't want to do anything.
We do not want to create a dynamic element whenever we call the to do item.
And when that trash is true, we want to remove this entire thing.
Right.
That's why we are going to say that the function should return.
The functions should not do anything because trash is true, because the user has clicked on the trash
and when the user clicks on the trash, none of this code should run, OK?
And we should we should remove everything.
Right.
So now let's go ahead and let's add, I don't know, like.
Hmm, walk the dogs.
Dogs walk, his dogs walk the dogs.
All right, so this is going to be our first argument for the to do so, that to do is walk the dogs.
This is to do what is the idea?
The idea I'm just going to pass in zero or I could just go ahead and pass on ID itself, whatever.
And we are going to say that the complete status is false and the trash status is not flays false as
well.
So let's say let's come here and now we are working inside this.
It says walk the dogs.
All right.
And you can see that that this thin circle and these trash, none of them.
They're true.
All right.
But if I come in this one out and if I copied down below and if I grabbed the complete this done status,
we have said we have talked about this, that whenever done is true, we want our check button.
And when it is false, we want our uncheck button because the done is false.
We see our unchecked button.
See, this is uncheck, but not about also when the done is true.
When done is true, we want our text line through and when it is false, we want to we're simply like
an empty string.
And now because done is false, we don't see our check and we don't see our line through.
But what we've done is true.
So let's set it to true.
Should be able to see our stars.
Now you can see that when the done is true, we see our checkbox and we see this line through because
done is true.
Now for the final piece piece of this puzzle we don't need to do is I'm going to set this trash to true.
And keep in mind, whenever I save it, it means that the user has clicked on this trash and everything
should go away.
Right.
So let's save it.
Let's come here.
And we don't see anything because the user has clicked on the trash.
So so far, I'm just going to leave them here.
We know that our logic works, right.
So I'm just going to add another comment here.
I'm just going to add some some space so we know where everything is located, just going to copy it
and add it here as well.
So these are different pieces of code that we have here.
Right.
Each of them is responsible for something different.
And I want to separate all of them.
Right.
So in here, we have successfully created our to do function and we have tested it out and we know that
it works.
Now, we need to make sure that when it is not us who is inserting the to do, but it is the user inside
this user interface who is inserting this Tiddas, which we are going to start doing in our next lecture.
See you guys then.